You are so brave. No one is allowed to enter without Lord Yao Wang. Do you know that you are like this?
In the joint name of Mr. Medicine King
I haven’t heard of Tai Chong Dou. That’s what Yao Wang should do if he feels unprepared. He writes about what happened.
Most of the 500 million people have never heard that Mr. Medicine King, if you have achieved success, you should use it first.
I can't bear my apology. Is there any medicine king who is inferior to the paper woman of Dragon Earth Palace?
You said he couldn't bear your apology. Do you think you are the Dragon King with a high palace?
This is too much
Okay, let's go and have fun.
Who is this?
There is no need for me to tell you this.
You messed up people and made them understand
He came out now
Your little head is back
I will definitely use the video for me to use.
Come on, be an adult, that's right
What should you do if you take it away? Come up here
Then he is confused inside
Taken off
This is dead